README.md, before:

# CHAPTERS

An offline web-based video player that can be used like YouTube.  
 This project intends to help the programmers whose just started programming and doesn't have stable internet connection to sustain YouTube consumptions.

## Features

-   Able to run locally or Offline
-   Chapters/Key Moments like YouTube
-   Theatre mode
-   Fullscreen mode

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/iAmWayneBenedict/chapters.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd my-project
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run start
```

## FAQ

### How to add videos?

Copy `Ctrl+C` or move `Ctrl+X` your videos and paste `Ctrl+V` it in `my-project/public/vids`

### How to play videos?

Click the `browse` button on the top right corner of the app then navigate to the `my-project/public/vids` and choose the video you want to play

### How to add chapters or key moments?

You can refer to the [Usage/Examples](#usageexamples)

## Usage/Examples

-   Copy `Ctrl+C` the timestamps found in the video description.
-   Click the `Add chapters` button
-   Paste `Ctrl+V` on the textarea
-   And, click the `Add` button

If there are no timestamps in the video but there are key moments, you can refer to the [Webscraping](#webscraping)

### Webscraping

Unfortunately only firefox is supported for webscraping key moments, but I'm working on adding Chrome and Edge

### Firefox

Instructions for webscraping key moments

-   Open the video you want to webscrape in YouTube
-   Wait for the actual video to play
-   Copy this code to the developers tool
-   Scroll to the bottom part of the video description and copy the timestamps
-   Paste it on the app

```javascript
//click see more
let seeMore = document.querySelectorAll(".button.style-scope.ytd-text-inline-expander");
Array.from(seeMore)[1].click();

//view all
let viewAll = document.querySelectorAll("#text.style-scope.ytd-button-renderer.style-blue-text");
viewAll[0].click();

//get element
let element = Array.from(document.querySelectorAll(".style-scope.ytd-watch-flexy"));
element = element.filter((el) => el.id === "panels")[0];

// get items
let items = element.querySelectorAll(
	".yt-simple-endpoint.style-scope.ytd-macro-markers-list-item-renderer"
);
items = Array.from(items).filter((el) => el.id === "endpoint");

let data = [];
let titleStart = "";
let isRepeated = false;
items.map((el, index) => {
	if (isRepeated) return false;
	//get title
	let title = el.querySelectorAll("h4");
	let titleText = title[0].textContent;

	//get time
	let time = title[0].parentElement.lastElementChild.textContent;

	if (titleStart !== titleText) data.push(`${time} ${titleText}\n`);
	else isRepeated = true;

	if (index === 0) titleStart = titleText;
});

document
	.querySelectorAll("yt-formatted-string.style-scope.ytd-text-inline-expander")[0]
	.append(`\n\n${data.join("")}`);
alert("Scroll to the last part of the video description and copy the timestamps");
```

## Tech Stack

**Client:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, EJS

**Server:** Node, Express

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Added puppeteer and error handling in webscraping

README.md, after:

# CHAPTERS

An offline web-based video player that can be used like YouTube.  
 This project intends to help the programmers whose just started programming and doesn't have stable internet connection to sustain YouTube consumptions.

## Features

-   Able to run locally or Offline
-   Chapters/Key Moments like YouTube
-   Theatre mode
-   Fullscreen mode

## Run Locally

Clone the project

```bash
  git clone https://github.com/iAmWayneBenedict/chapters.git
```

Go to the project directory

```bash
  cd my-project
```

Install dependencies

```bash
  yarn install
```

Start the server

```bash
  npm run start
```

## FAQ

### How to add videos?

Copy `Ctrl+C` or move `Ctrl+X` your videos and paste `Ctrl+V` it in `my-project/public/vids`

### How to play videos?

Click the `browse` button on the top right corner of the app then navigate to the `my-project/public/vids` and choose the video you want to play

### How to add chapters or key moments?

You can refer to the [Usage/Examples](#usageexamples)

### There is error redeclaration

Refresh the page or press `F5` or `Ctrl+R`

## Usage/Examples

-   Copy `Ctrl+C` the timestamps found in the video description.
-   Click the `Add chapters` button
-   Paste `Ctrl+V` on the textarea
-   And, click the `Add` button

If there are no timestamps in the video but there are key moments, you can refer to the [Webscraping](#webscraping)

### Webscraping

Unfortunately only firefox is supported for webscraping key moments, but I'm working on adding Chrome and Edge

### Firefox

Instructions for webscraping key moments

-   Open the video you want to webscrape in YouTube
-   Wait for the actual video to play
-   Copy this code to the developers tool
-   Scroll to the bottom part of the video description and copy the timestamps
-   Paste it on the app

```javascript
//click see more
let seeMore = document.querySelectorAll(".button.style-scope.ytd-text-inline-expander");
Array.from(seeMore)[1].click();

//view all
let viewAll = document.querySelectorAll("#text.style-scope.ytd-button-renderer.style-blue-text");
viewAll[0].click();

//get element
let element = Array.from(document.querySelectorAll(".style-scope.ytd-watch-flexy"));
element = element.filter((el) => el.id === "panels")[0];

// get items
let items = element.querySelectorAll(
	".yt-simple-endpoint.style-scope.ytd-macro-markers-list-item-renderer"
);
items = Array.from(items).filter((el) => el.id === "endpoint");

let data = [];
let titleStart = "";
let isRepeated = false;
items.map((el, index) => {
	if (isRepeated) return false;
	//get title
	let title = el.querySelectorAll("h4");
	let titleText = title[0].textContent;

	//get time
	let time = title[0].parentElement.lastElementChild.textContent;

	if (titleStart !== titleText) data.push(`${time} ${titleText}\n`);
	else isRepeated = true;

	if (index === 0) titleStart = titleText;
});

document
	.querySelectorAll("yt-formatted-string.style-scope.ytd-text-inline-expander")[0]
	.append(`\n\nCOPY THE TIMESTAMPS BELOW\n\n${data.join("")}`);
alert("Scroll to the last part of the video description and copy the timestamps");
```

## Tech Stack

**Client:** HTML, CSS, JavaScript, EJS

**Server:** Node, Express

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
